fix: (source-shopify) - deprecate an old `ProductGraphQL` and `CustomerSavedSearch` streams from the stream catalog (#51037)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/shopify-migrations.md

# Shopify Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 2.6.0

> This version completely deprecates the following streams, because of the outdated `api version` which is not supported anymore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version completely deprecates the following streams, because Shopify no longer supports them after Shopify API version _XYZ_:
```

- `Products Graph QL`
- `Customer Saved Search`

> To replace the old `Products Graph QL` use the `Products` instead.

Reviewer: don't we have a chart somewhere for this type of change?

Author: Not sure I'm aware of any at the moment. I'd appreciate sharing one.

> To replace the old `Products Graph QL` use the `Products` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use `Products` to replace the old `Products Graph QL` stream.
```

# Shopify Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 2.6.0

> This version completely deprecates the following streams:

Reviewer 2: Might be good to mention the reason why this is being done is because Shopify is deprecating these streams, or no longer supporting them.

Reviewer 3: Yeah! Redirect the customer anger to Shopify 😠

Author: Added the small mention about the root cause. Thanks.

- `Products Graph QL`
- `Customer Saved Search` 

To replace the old `Products Graph QL` use the `Products` instead.

> There is no effective replacement for the `Customer Saved Search`. This stream would be re-implemented using `GraphQL BULK` soon.

Reviewer 3: So there is a way to re-implement `Customer Saved Search`? How much work is it? Do we have a timeline?

Reviewer 2: If we are not offering the re-implementation as part of this update I think we are better of not mentioning it.

Author: We don't have a timeline yet, here is more information about the possible migration (object description): https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-graphql/unstable/queries/customerSavedSearches

Average ETA for migration from REST > GraphQL Bulk ~= 2-3 Days (with tests)

### Action items required for 2.6.0

> Please, disable the affected streams to continue syncing the data. Use the stream equivalent instead.

Reviewer 3: I think the users do not have to do anything as [the default value for raise_exception_on_missing_stream is false](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte-python-cdk/blob/0e7802a4c485355d8d5abaa5f23b48b682dc4eb7/airbyte_cdk/sources/abstract_source.py#L224-L226). I would prefer to have to user have as little to worry as possible and hence would remove this section. Does that make sense?

Reviewer 3: To be clear, they won't be removed from the catalog but the source is resilient to that so it doesn't matter. It is still probably cleaner if the user refresh their schema but I don't think this is necessary

Author: It's removed. Thanks.
